IBX-3523: Left sidebar Content Type edit (#1726)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/administration/back_office/content_tab_switcher.md

# Add tab switcher

> Tabs switcher allows separating the default Fieldtypes in the Content Type from the Fieldtypes that enhance the content with new functionalities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tabs switcher allows separating the default Field Types in the Content Type from the Field Types that enhance the content with new functionalities.
```

> The best example of such Fieldtype are SEO or Taxonomy, as these are not typical Fieldtypes but a Fieldtypes that handle functionality for the whole Content object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best example of such Field Types are SEO or Taxonomy, as these are not typical Field Types but a Field Types that handle functionalities for the whole Content object.
```

> The following example shows how to add a Meta tab with automatically assigned Taxonomy Fieldtype.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to add a Meta tab with automatically assigned Taxonomy Field Type.
```

## Add Meta tab

> Before you start adding the Meta tab, make sure the Content Type you want to edit has [Taxonomy Entry Assignment Fieldtype]([[= user_doc =]]/taxonomy/#assign-tag-to-content-from-taxonomy-tree).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start adding the Meta tab, make sure the Content Type you want to edit has [Taxonomy Entry Assignment Field Type]([[= user_doc =]]/taxonomy/#assign-tag-to-content-from-taxonomy-tree).
```

Next, provide the semantic configuration:

```yaml
ibexa:
    system:
        admin_group:
            admin_ui_forms:
                content_edit:
                    fieldtypes:
                        ibexa_taxonomy_entry_assignment:
                            meta: true

```

> `ibexa_taxonomy_entry_assignment` - identifier for the Fieldtype

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ibexa_taxonomy_entry_assignment` - identifier for the Field Type
```

> `meta` - when set to `true`, puts the declared Fieldtype in the Meta tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`meta` - when set to `true`, puts the declared Field Type in the Meta tab
```

![Meta tab](tab_switcher.png)

## Add custom tab

> First, create an EventListener in the `src/EventListener/TextAnchorMenuTabListener.php`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, create an event listener in the `src/EventListener/TextAnchorMenuTabListener.php`:
```

``` php hl_lines="20 22"
[[= include_file('code_samples/back_office/content_type/src/EventListener/TextAnchorMenuTabListener.php') =]]
```

A new custom tab is defined in the line 20, the line 22 defines items for the second level.

For new tabs it is also required to render its section in the Content editing form. To do it, register the UI Component:

```yaml
    app.my_component:
        parent: Ibexa\AdminUi\Component\TwigComponent
        arguments:
            $template: 'my_template.html.twig'
        tags:
            - { name: ibexa.admin_ui.component, group: 'content-edit-sections' }
```

> Finally, create the `templates/my_template.html.twig` template file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, create the `templates/my_template.html.twig` file:
```
